README.md, before:

This gem adds magnet links for the given anime from "nyaa.si" to transmission. By
default it will look for 1080p episodes from EraiRaws.

Torrents that has been added to transmission will be recorded in a sqlite3
database, and will not be fetched again later.

Uses the default username, password and port number for transmission.

# Quickstart

1. Install dependencies

    ```
    apt install transmission-daemon libsqlite3-dev
    ```

2. Install this gem

    ```
    gem install nyaa-transmission
    ```

3. Run `nyaa`

    ```
    Usage: nyaa [OPTIONS] QUERY
        -d, --database=DATABASE   The SQLite3 database [default: $HOME/.local/share/nyaa.db]
        -p, --provider=PROVIDER   One of: Blackjaxx, EraiRaws, HorribleSubs [default: EraiRaws]
        -h, --help                Shows this help
    ```

Example of downloading the anime "Hamefura"

```
$ nyaa --provider=HorribleSubs "Hamefura"
I, [2020-04-27T13:13:18.200330 #28717]  INFO -- : [HorribleSubs] Hamefura - 04 [1080p].mkv
I, [2020-04-27T13:13:18.220550 #28717]  INFO -- : [HorribleSubs] Hamefura - 03 [1080p].mkv
I, [2020-04-27T13:13:18.237193 #28717]  INFO -- : [HorribleSubs] Hamefura - 02 [1080p].mkv
I, [2020-04-27T13:13:18.255391 #28717]  INFO -- : [HorribleSubs] Hamefura - 01 [1080p].mkv
```

Commit message:

Add example cron usage into README

README.md, after:

# README

This gem adds magnet links for the given anime from "nyaa.si" to transmission. By
default it will look for 1080p episodes from EraiRaws.

Magnet links that have been added to transmission will be recorded in a sqlite3
database, and will not be fetched again later.

This means that it will be safe to create a cron script that downloads the same
anime repeatedly, and only new episodes will be fetched.

e.g. An example cron script to get the latest episodes of two anime series:

```
#!/bin/sh

nyaa "Enen no Shouboutai"
nyaa "Mahouka Koukou no Rettousei"
```

This gem uses the default username, password and port number for transmission.

__Username:__ transmission

__Password:__ transmission

__Port:__ 9091

# Quickstart

1. Install dependencies

    ```
    apt install transmission-daemon libsqlite3-dev
    ```

2. Install this gem

    ```
    gem install nyaa-transmission
    ```

3. Run `nyaa`

    ```
    Usage: nyaa [OPTIONS] QUERY
        -d, --database=DATABASE   The SQLite3 database [default: $HOME/.local/share/nyaa.db]
        -p, --provider=PROVIDER   One of: Blackjaxx, EraiRaws, HorribleSubs [default: EraiRaws]
        -h, --help                Shows this help
    ```

Example of downloading the anime "Hamefura" from HorribleSubs

```
$ nyaa --provider=HorribleSubs "Hamefura"
I, [2020-04-27T13:13:18.200330 #28717]  INFO -- : [HorribleSubs] Hamefura - 04 [1080p].mkv
I, [2020-04-27T13:13:18.220550 #28717]  INFO -- : [HorribleSubs] Hamefura - 03 [1080p].mkv
I, [2020-04-27T13:13:18.237193 #28717]  INFO -- : [HorribleSubs] Hamefura - 02 [1080p].mkv
I, [2020-04-27T13:13:18.255391 #28717]  INFO -- : [HorribleSubs] Hamefura - 01 [1080p].mkv
```
